Every night in my dreams
I see you I feel you
That is how I know you go on
Far across the distance
And spaces between us
You have come to show you go on
Near far wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
Once more you open the door
And You are here in my heart and
my heart will go on and on
Love can touch us one time
And last for a lifetime
And never let go till We are gone
Love was when I loved you
One true time I hold you
In my life we′ll always go on
Near far wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
Once more you open the door
And You are here in my heart
And my heart will go on and on
You are here there′s nothing I fear
And I know that my heart will go on
We′ll stay forever this way
You are safe in my heart and
my heart will go on and on